//How to use Heroku//

https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#prepare-the-app

//Prepare the App//
To clone a local version of the sample application that you can then deploy to Heroku, execute the following commands in your local command shell or terminal:

git clone https://github.com/heroku/node-js-getting-started.git

cd node-js-getting-started


You now have a functioning Git repository that contains a simple application as well as a package.json file, which is used by Node’s dependency manager.

//Deploy the App//
In this step you will deploy the app to Heroku.

Create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code.

heroku create

Creating sharp-rain-871... done, stack is heroku-18
http://sharp-rain-871.herokuapp.com/ | https://git.heroku.com/sharp-rain-871.git
Git remote heroku added

When you create an app, a git remote (called heroku) is also created and associated with your local git repository.

Heroku generates a random name (in this case sharp-rain-871) for your app, or you can pass a parameter to specify your own app name.

Now deploy your code:

git push heroku master

Counting objects: 488, done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (367/367), done.
Writing objects: 100% (488/488), 231.85 KiB | 115.92 MiB/s, done.
Total 488 (delta 86), reused 488 (delta 86)
remote: Compressing source files... done.
remote: Building source:
remote:
remote: -----> Node.js app detected
remote:
remote: -----> Creating runtime environment
remote:
remote:        NPM_CONFIG_LOGLEVEL=error
remote:        NODE_VERBOSE=false
remote:        NODE_ENV=production
remote:        NODE_MODULES_CACHE=true
remote:
remote: -----> Installing binaries
remote:        engines.node (package.json):  12.x
remote:        engines.npm (package.json):   unspecified (use default)
remote:
remote:        Resolving node version 12.x...
remote:        Downloading and installing node 12.16.3...
remote:        Using default npm version: 6.14.4
       ....
remote: -----> Build succeeded!
remote: -----> Discovering process types
remote:        Procfile declares types -> web
remote:
remote: -----> Compressing...
remote:        Done: 19M
remote: -----> Launching...
remote:        Released v3
remote:        http://sharp-rain-871.herokuapp.com deployed to Heroku
remote:
remote: Verifying deploy... done.
To https://git.heroku.com/nameless-savannah-4829.git
 * [new branch]      master -> master
The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running:

heroku ps:scale web=1

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website as follows:

heroku open

//View Logs//

Heroku treats logs as streams of time-ordered events aggregated from the output streams of all your app and Heroku components, providing a single channel for all of the events.

View information about your running app using one of the logging commands, heroku logs --tail:

heroku logs --tail

2011-03-10T10:22:30-08:00 heroku[web.1]: State changed from created to starting
2011-03-10T10:22:32-08:00 heroku[web.1]: Running process with command: `node index.js`
2011-03-10T10:22:33-08:00 heroku[web.1]: Listening on 18320
2011-03-10T10:22:34-08:00 heroku[web.1]: State changed from starting to up
Visit your application in the browser again, and you’ll see another log message generated.

Press Control+C to stop streaming the logs.